## Terminologies
- HSI : High Speed Internal Oscillator
- HSE : High Speed External Oscillator

### SysTick
- SysTick is the timer built in ARM Cortex M3/M4 Core. Mostly used in RTOS.

### Power Supplies
- VDD_USB pin is used for powering the USB communications. (USB_DM & USB_DP).
- VDD_USB must be above 3.0V.
- If VDD_USB is not presented, VDD_USB is internally connected to VDD.

### Low Power Mode
- Tree groups of lower power mode
    - low power mode: Lower frequency
    - stop mode: Clocks are off, RAM and Registers status will NOT lose.
    - standby mode: Power is off, RAM and Registers status will lose.

# About Interrupt & Exceptions
## Nested Vectored Interrupt Controller (NVIC)
- Each interrupt has already been assigned a address which points to the ISR.
- The assigned address ranges from 0x00000000 to 0x000000BC (based on STM32L072 reference manual).
- *Example*:
    - SPI1 (SPI1 Global Interrupt) interrupt vector has been assigned to 0x000000A4.
    - If a SPI1 interrupt generates, the CPU will jump to 0x000000A4 to find the ISR address, the jump to that address to handle the interrupt.

## Extended Interrupt and Event Controller (EXTI)
### General
- EXTI interrupt is a kind of Nested Interrupt. (Can be found in the NVIC table).
- Each EXTI line can be configured as **interrupt source** or **event source**.
- Some peripherals are controlled through EXTI through specific **interrupt line**.
- To let a line to generate interrupt, the interrupt line should be **configured** and **enabled**.
    1. Configured by setting the edge detector. (Write 1 to *EXTI_RTSR* or *EXTI_FTSR*).
    2. Enabled by unmasking the corresponding line. (write 1 to Interrupt/Event Mask Register).
- Generate interrupt manually in software way by writing 1 to *EXTI_SWIER*.
- Check which interrupt is pending and clear pending through *EXTI_PR*.
- Direct Event vs Un-direct Event
    - Direct events are the ones directly from the pins like rising / falling edge of the signals on the pin.
    - Un-direct ones are the signals generated by the signals.
- Block Diagram: EXTI Block Diagram in Reference Manual.

### Wakeup Event Management
- If the wakeup feature
    - is enabled by *Peripheral Control Register + SEVONPEND*: Need to clear **EXTI pending bit** and **NVIC pending bit** after wakeup.
    - is configured as an EXTI line in *event mode*: No need to clear pending bit in either peripheral or NVIC.
    
### Asynchronous Event
- Asynchronous event is connected to an EXTI direct line.